I want to require one matter that came up last week.
There are 96 senators.
Can you in a general way state how many times you've received telephone or other requests from other members of the Senate on either side of the aisle?
Which may to direct the reserve commissions in any branch of the Army?
I cannot recall a single instance personally.
Let's hurry down this ground and say whether we request many or where they queue.
As far as my knowledge of it is concerned, almost full absence of.
In other words, I don't recall a single call by a senator to ask me for direct commission.
Now with those requests, we'll go to the Aged and General General Begins.
They will go in first to our office of legislative liaison, General Reaver and then they'll be processed around based on the qualification and due course, the information will come back to General Reaver or Colonel House.
The question has only two purposes and that is there.
By contrast to the term what the situation was with respect to other request commissions.
And secondly, the general practice that is involved.
There has been some comments in the past and in the columns to the effect that this may have run into the thousands.
And I've tried to reconstruct my own recollection over a long period of time, which covers nearly 20 years in the House and in the Senate.
Because each time and how many times I may have called on here the Navy and the Empress to the commission.
And if I ever did, I wanted known role that you're free to get there's any telephone call that's covered to lay it right on the table.
I shall freely confess my sins in public if that's the case because I don't want to do that which is improper or ever get to the point where we have a political army.
Now I have an idea that I have called beyond the answer to Jesus.
Offhand I will remember what they are.
Offhand I will say that I don't think I have pressured too much or though I shouldn't make that confession in public because some of my constituents who might be interested in commissions might think that I'm not a good person.
I shouldn't be interested in commissions may people that I'm not doing my duty.
He's been having been a private in the army long ago having been a humble shave tail long ago.
ALL I can readily understand the attitude of people.
But I'm just wondering now about the general practice of members of both the House and the Senate.
Calling either the heads of the various military establishment,
the heads of the various bureaus or the secretaries themselves,
what the practice is and to what extent they do bear down.
And what the comparison would be between those and the instant jays that is before us in surprise, the allegations and the testimony.
Good sir.
I can't recall another instance of where senators has called on the connection with the commission.
Certainly nothing but any pressure attached.
WOR is now leaving the Senate Committee investigating hearings for today.
WOR will resume broadcasting hearings tomorrow morning.
As they're more in the nature of an inquiry, that's right.
In the hope perhaps that this situation is such that there might be favorable consideration given.
I'm speaking as the secretary and I'm speaking to the communications that may engulf the office of legislative liaison.
I'm talking about the stand 20th secretary.
What pressure is the secretary under with respect to the matter of direct commissions in the army?
And I would say that my experience is practically not.
The White House is generally read about the allegations on to air.
We always like to maintain that relationship with your lit VA non-offices.
But I'm wondering out of your conversations with your bureau heads,
with the other secretary's secretary and the secretary for maybe,
whether out of the general information that is something you would think there has been many requests,
much pressure or weather, the statements that one has seen in the press from time to time are not on with them.
Well, I of course can only speak with the department of the army of my first hand.
Now I've had as I've practiced my health pressure.
And I think if there's been any substantial pressure in the Air Force of the Navy,
I would have known about it because the secretary and the secretary and Anderson are both good spend to mind.
We need regularly a thing like that with undoubtedly a come-up Senator.
Now, I think more specific, Mr. Secretary,
I have great regard for Dave Lawrence of the US News and where it reports.
It's a very objective, factual reporting.
He runs in my mind that he did do a column recent money,
which he indicated that his whole story ought to be made public about all of the requests that have been preferred to the Army Navy and Air Force.
Five members of the House and Senator, they have commissions,
compassionate discharges and have sort of things.
I just like to know the truth of the town and whether we are successful people up here that we've been trying to convert this into a political army because if we have one,
what to do, then, and to get on set both nations like them.
So you make a general statement on this issue?
Well, I see no evidence of making it a political army at all.
Donald Richardson is a large volume of matters that are handled by the Office of Legislative Liaison,
which handles, and so that we have our respondents from all kinds of different sources and largely influenced for information.
And if there's a case where it got to be a case of tremendous pressure, I would thank him.
I'm sorry, probably not all of that.
Now what is this question is particular?
Is your name to the Institute in Superior?
I leave for counsel to decide and object to PC's fit.
But has the custom grown up when a Senator or a Congressman calls with reference to a matter of this kind that a little note is inserted within the file with just two letters on it,
P-I, and that doesn't mean Philippine islands. That means political influence.
Are those inserted in the files when requested made for commissions?
I've never seen one. I always have a question, I think.
May the sheriff say that he has consulted with the members of the committee and other different to our union friends from bottom.
I think the six are, we are going to resume in the morning with questions from Senator Dresson, and the sheriff's time that will be chair of the attention for Secretary Lannard to be sure we need to understand if I think I'm correct.
During the interim, it brings a sexual mind concerning Mr. Carl.
And in the morning, he's a particular eye of the charge that you'll have to go out against Mr. Carl.
I'm starting on search by mine, Father.
And if he's had a vicious and ill-tendered in the morning in the chair of the electricity, Charlie and T,
it's too light and charge and trouble for him.
You have been listening to a session of the Senate's Promenade Investigation Subcommittee in Quarry in the Army, Macon Thay Controversy.
This broadcast came to you from Washington in cooperation with the American Broadcasting Company.